---
layout: post
title:  "Whoops"
date:   2017-12-27 23:59:59 +1100
categories: diary-entry
---
Whoops.

Well I said I was going to do one of these a day but I think it'll take me a while to get into a routine. It's a bit late in the day at the moment but I'll at least get something in here.

Today hasn't been great. I started packing... sort of. I kinda just cleaned a few things up so that I could pack... then things like Aliens 3 and Monty Python's The Meaning of Life and Reddit and lounging on the couch and all sorts of things meant things just didn't happen.

This happens when I get sad. Despite my best intentions and attempts to do stuff, they just don't happen? I find it so hard to motivate myself when I get sad. It's like my will to do anything, even seemingly pleasurable things like play video games or eat food, disappears completely and I can't even get off the couch. It sucks and I would do just about anything to change it.

Like I said to a friend of mine today, I'm kinda freaking out. And it's happening for a few reasons. The points are all copied verbatim from our messages.

1. **There's heaps that I need to do between now and when I move to the Gold Coast (6 days!!!)**  

	Packing. I hate it. You have to pull out all the things. You have to make a mad mess. You have to clean out your stuff and decide on what you can and can't fit in the car. You have to put it all in boxes or bags or whatever handy receptacles you have laying about. You have to put it in a car. You have to drive it where you're going. All to pull it all out again and find out that you've thrown out a bunch of stuff that you wanted and that you've left a bunch behind and everything you need to use right now is at the bottom and ugh. Not keen.

2. **I haven't been doing so well emotionally for the past few weeks and I'm really hoping that I don't get worse during/after the move.**

	This one is hitting me the hardest at the moment. I'm not so sure why I haven't been doing well emotionally. As per usual, there are likely a million little things feeding into this and there's no way I can do enough introspection to figure them all out. So yeah. At the moment I'm just riding the sad wave wherever it's taking me and trying to get stuff done. Aaaand I'm not really getting stuff done. Which makes it worse. Ugh. 

	So I have to move while I'm feeling like this. And moving is stressful. And stress makes my emotional state worse. So it's very likely that I'll end up in a deeper pit than I am now by the time I'm on the Gold Coast. And when I'm on the Gold Coast I'll have to start being productive right away. So yeah there's a lot of worry going on at the moment.

3. **I did this once before and kinda failed and I'm worried that'll happen again**

	So this isn't my first time trying to go off to study. At the beginning of last year (2015) I did much the same thing. I moved to the Gold Coast to study at Griffith University. I was in a bad mental state, much like I am now but worse (I think?). And I failed miserably. About five weeks in I was four weeks behind on study and really struggling. I didn't want to leave the house. I didn't really want to eat. I didn't want to do anything really. So looking at the pattern of what happened before and comparing it to what's happening now, there are some glaring similarities that I can't ignore. And that has me concerned. What happens if I get there and head down the same path? I don't think I could bear coming back to Moree again after moving away. And my job at Apple relies on me being studying full time at Griffith. So I have to succeed this time. I just have to. Except my history says that I might not succeed. My only hope is that God is calling me. I'll be able to rely on Him to give me strength to keep going at all of this.

So yeah. There's a lot going on. Maybe the reason that depressed people are often so tired is because they spend all their energy fighting what's going on in their heads. Maybe that's why I feel like I do? I dunno...

Considering it's well into tomorrow I should be off. Yes that means that the timestamp on this post is a bit of a lie. Sorry about that. It just looks neater when there's one post per day and I should be getting one happening tomorrow / later on today.

Connor